The story of the French Riviera that took place 20 years ago
at the first Diesebele Deaf,
the top Yamato- now perhaps exportable to the world,
the Japanese will pay us back
will spread our wisdom
and live a life without reservation.
We will
which I think is certain.
What I tried to show,
and how it was implemented by General Kłeil,
I have some reports to make.
Last month me and my subordinates
There are many reasons for this.
But...
The purpose of the strategy,
the excellence of the water,
the excellence of the equipment,
the thorough training,
and the mental strength.
These are the reasons why we want to count them.
Among them, the mental strength...
is a mystery that the world can't understand.
Those who go to war,
they risk their lives.
They were ready from the beginning.
But they believe that they won't die until they defeat the enemy.
This is a very aggressive,
and a very bad strategy that will bring bad luck to the world.
And...
those who risk their lives for Roosevelt,
no one in America will be like them.
What is the difference?
One day,
the Emperor will be happy to die for the Emperor.
This is the mental strength.
We are very grateful to the people,
and we are grateful for their wisdom.